one of the great things about being here
in Brooklyn is having the chance to
catch up with family and friends one of
the friends it was especially great to
see is a guy I've known for more than 15
years Tracy Morgan you know as you may
be aware now and he recently came into a
large monetary settlement and with that
money
Tracy made what Guillermo and I thought
was a very unusual purchase thats how it
happens if you want to slow climb down
in America you need to get that free
cheese program up and running for the
zoo what do you mean you bar yeah but
the zoo you bought the whole zoo the
whole thing no with all the animals
everything the whole works everything
came with it I bought everything except
for that one rock right there but we're
gonna get that done hey Craig Craig all
that see what you're saying to me is are
necessary
which one is Craig right there the big
one stretching his neck out now I just
came back all they got his big back
nails what what do they so I'm gonna be
Big Mac Mills is a lot of them like
White Castle they why cast yeah this one
my hands from the west coast oh he loved
fat burgers wow I didn't know I had no
idea let me take you forth what we would
love to see you bought the zoo oh yeah
with all the animals
yeah wow that's the few human beings
okay women
this is Congo let me show you my
gorillas these are your gorillas my
gorillas let's go what's that smell
look at this oh that one over there big
muscles ooh wow
hey Jared can I get my money Garret
derry-o dare you call me Big D look at
this he's right here
why does he have his back to us like
that oh I was trying to show dominance
I say hey panda so mine in his wallet he
was show me I got your money right here
he always do that to me I got your money
right here this is unbelievable
ma'am got sort of like a grudge going on
because one of his girlfriends like me
is that right yeah Brenda she's sitting
way back there Brenda oh she's beautiful
puppy dog paw baby
this little baby now is that he was a
little more repo vigy with me really she
said that baby is mine this is one of
the greatest things I've ever seen me
too gorillas so close like oh yeah
that's a big belly like mine that's cuz
you like lasagna really oh yeah that's
what they feed the gorillas guys were he
like see oh but when you cook is lasagna
you got four six different cheeses in it
many different six different Wow
this is one of the great things about
being with the owner of the zoo
Guillermo is you can find out your final
information yeah exactly
I'm tired of your girl is this let's go
check out some more stuff okay yeah
Cabaye gorillas bye nice to meet you
let's go see the Flamingo oh yeah
florence Nightingale's of the bird world
all right let's go
beaches to get crazy when I come around
[Music]
Mike Tyson used to have a tiger in his
house you imagine having one of these in
your house that's why I bought the Frog
zooms I want one of my house on here
what's the difference between a bison
and a buffalo
they don't make bison spicy hot wings
they make buffalo how many pounds you
think easily about 16,000 16,000 pounds
yeah they must be very dense you know
Susanna what this mean look you've got
to go back and get my GED oh you get
worried when they fight like that it's
gonna damage the merchandise I got them
off Craigslist so I just go Craig good
to get some more line is that right yeah
they have everything
yeah they got everything but you gotta
be careful who you deal with on
Craigslist Yeah right you don't want to
get a crazy line cuz you could get a
crazy line on questions they're
beautiful oh yeah when I first got them
out of all custom detail really yeah I'm
rollin
this is my droughts over here snap
giraffes and everything yeah I got more
than Michael Jackie camo how many
Michael Jackson got yes - Michael
Jackson a two giraffes
Carly you got like six how do we make it
more make it more how do you do that
I put a little bottles of wine all
around and really to play some music
we're not playing what music Paul the
gay Marvin Gaye Marvin Gaye tale of
Marvin Gaye track let's get it on let's
get it I've been better time baby crying
Oh back this feeling for sure wrong you
know it's working
come on oh come on
[Music]
okay they need some privacy I think we
should yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
I am Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven
[Music]